{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2758
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue233;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Chen, B., Lawson, K. A., Finelli, A., & Saarela, O. (2020). Causal variance decompositions for institutional comparisons in healthcare. 
\f1\i Statistical Methods in Medical Research, 29
\f0\i0 (7), 1972\'961986.\
Chen, B., Lawson, K. A., Finelli, A., & Saarela, O. (2022). Causal mediation analysis decomposition of between-hospital variance. 
\f1\i Health Services and Outcomes Research Methodology
\f0\i0 , 1\'9627.\
Chen, B., McAlpine, K., Lawson, K. A., Finelli, A., & Saarela, O. (2023). Hierarchical causal variance decomposition for institution and provider comparisons in healthcare. 
\f1\i Health Services and Outcomes Research Methodology, 23
\f0\i0 (4), 391\'96415.\
Han, K., Colson-Fearon, D., Liu, Z. A., & Viswanathan, A. N. (2024). Updated trends in the utilization of brachytherapy in cervical cancer in the United States: A Surveillance, Epidemiology, and End-Results study. 
\f1\i International Journal of Radiation Oncology, Biology, Physics, 119
\f0\i0 (1), 143\'96153. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ijrobp.2023.11.007"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ijrobp.2023.11.007 IF: 6.5 Q1 B1}}\
Hines, O. J., Diaz-Ordaz, K., & Vansteelandt, S. (2025). Variable importance measures for heterogeneous treatment effects. 
\f1\i Biometrics, 81
\f0\i0 (4), ujaf140.\
Khan, M. K. A., Saarela, O., & Kustra, R. (2025). Marginal and conditional importance measures from machine learning models and their relationship with conditional average treatment effect. 
\f1\i arXiv
\f0\i0 . {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://arxiv.org/abs/2501.16988"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 https://arxiv.org/abs/2501.16988}}\
Yu, A., & Elwert, F. (2025). Nonparametric causal decomposition of group disparities. 
\f1\i The Annals of Applied Statistics, 19
\f0\i0 (1), 821\'96845.}